Toast: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3711)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Toast/00 Getting Started with Toast/05 Display a Toast/00 Display a Toast.md

> [note] For simplicity, this tutorial displays a Toast in response to a click on a [Button](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/'). Your application's logic will likely be different, but you can still re-use the code. 

Reviewer: - Title: Display a Toast (wouldn't it be better to refer to it as a Toast notification? Because just 'Toast' doesn't make much sense)

I'm not sure about this note: 
- `For simplicity` means what? Why add this detail?
- `will likely be different` seems rather obvious since most applications would have different logic.

I'm not sure I understand the point of this note.

Author: The point of this note is to show that you can use the same logic even without the button. I think it's neccessary to add this note, so the customers would be sure they can display notifications using different UI.

Reviewer: This tutorial displays a Toast notification in response to a click on a [Button](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/'). However, you can re-use the code for different application logic.

> [note] This tutorial uses the [Button](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/') UI component to demonstrate how to display the Toast. This choice is made for demonstrational purposes, and you can use another UI component to perform the same operations.

Reviewer 2: One the one hand, I don't even know if this is worth an explanation. But if you want to keep this part, I would simplify it. 

For example, the first sentence uses three verbs - it's quite complex - "uses ... , to demonstrate..., to display... ".  

The second sentence is a bit obvious and ... maybe I don't even want to use a UI component. A Toast can appear simply when something happens (say, a new record appears in the database), without a user interacting with the page. 

```suggestion
[note] For simplicity, this tutorial displays a Toast in response to a click on a [Button](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/'). Your application's logic will likely be different, but you can still re-use the code. 
```
